Adaptive Shield integration init (#1578)
DataDog/integrations-extras: adaptive_shield/README.md

## Overview

> Adaptive Shield's SaaS Security Posture Management solution (SSPM) features proactive, deep, continuous and automated monitoring and management of all business critical SaaS applications. As a SaaS app that integrates with all SaaS apps within minutes, Adaptive Shield enables security teams to gain complete control over their SaaS apps, allowing them to harden their security policies and reduce risks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adaptive Shield's SaaS Security Posture Management solution (SSPM) features proactive, automated monitoring and management of all business critical SaaS applications. By integrating with all of your SaaS apps, Adaptive Shield enables security teams to gain complete control over their SaaS apps stack, allowing them to harden their security policies and reduce risks.
```

Wording suggestion

> With the Adaptive Shield integration, you can track and monitor SaaS posture alerts, such as Configuration Drifts, Integration Failures and Security Checks Degradation, in the events stream in Datadog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the Adaptive Shield integration, you can track and monitor SaaS posture alerts, such as configuration drifts, integration failures, and security check degradation, all within the events stream in Datadog.
```

## Setup

> 1. In Adaptive Shield, go to **"Settings"**

Reviewer: Can we add a hyperlink to the settings page / Adaptive Shield here?

2. Click on **Alerts** -> **"Add New Alerts Channel"** -> Select **"Datadog"**
3. Provide alias name

> 4. Complete the process by using OAuth 

Reviewer: What's the flow here? Is the user expected to kick off Authorization from the alerts page within Adaptive Shield? The user can also kick off authorization from the integration tile, so it would be helpful to list that out as an option here too

Reviewer: Yes, once a user clicks "Connect Accounts" on the integration tile, they will be redirected to the onboarding_url that you defined as part of your OAuth (this is commonly a login page for your platform).

## Support

> Need help? Contact support@adaptive-shield.com.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Need help? Contact [Adaptive Shield Support][1].

[1]: mailto:support@adaptive-shield.com
```

## Overview
SaaS Apps like Office 365, Slack, Zoom, and Salesforce are vital to a business's day-to-day operations, but can often introduce new security challenges. Adaptive Shield's SaaS Security Posture Management solution (SSPM) features proactive, deep, continuous and automated monitoring and management of all business critical SaaS applications. By integrating with all SaaS apps within minutes, Adaptive Shield enables security teams to gain complete control over their SaaS apps, allowing them to harden their security policies and reduce risks.

With the Adaptive Shield integration, you can track and monitor SaaS posture alerts, such as configuration drifts, integration failures, and security check degradations, as Datadog Events.

## Setup

1. Click **Connect Accounts** to begin authorization of this integration. You will then be redirected to [Adaptive Shield][1].
2. Click on **"Add New Alerts Channel"** -> Select **Datadog**.
3. Provide the alias name.

> 4. Click on **OAuth** to authorize.

Reviewer: We'll also need to add uninstallation instructions here. Please add the following (you can just click commit suggestion). If there are any specific uninstallation instructions that users need to follow, please add those here as well. 

```suggestion
4. Click on **OAuth** to authorize.

### Uninstallation

Once you uninstall this integration, any previous authorizations will be revoked. 

Additionally, ensure that all API keys associated with this integration have been disabled by searching for the integration name on the [API Keys management page](https://app.datadoghq.com/organization-settings/api-keys).

```

## Overview

> SaaS Apps like Office 365, Slack, Zoom, and Salesforce are vital to a business's day-to-day operations but  often introduce some new security challenges. Adaptive Shield's SaaS Security Posture Management solution (SSPM) features proactive, deep, continuous and automated monitoring and management of all business critical SaaS applications. By integrating with all SaaS apps within minutes, Adaptive Shield enables security teams to gain complete control over their SaaS apps, allowing them to harden their security policies and reduce risks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SaaS Apps like Office 365, Slack, Zoom, and Salesforce are vital to a business's day-to-day operations, but can often introduce security challenges. Adaptive Shield's SaaS Security Posture Management solution (SSPM) features proactive, deep, continuous and automated monitoring and management of all business critical SaaS applications. By integrating with all SaaS apps within minutes, Adaptive Shield enables security teams to gain complete control over their SaaS apps, allowing them to harden their security policies and reduce risks.
```

> SaaS Apps like Office 365, Slack, Zoom, and Salesforce are vital to a business's day-to-day operations, but  can often introduce new security challenges. Adaptive Shield's SaaS Security Posture Management solution (SSPM) features proactive, deep, continuous and automated monitoring and management of all business critical SaaS applications. By integrating with all SaaS apps within minutes, Adaptive Shield enables security teams to gain complete control over their SaaS apps, allowing them to harden their security policies and reduce risks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SaaS Apps like Office 365, Slack, Zoom, and Salesforce are vital to a business's day-to-day operations, but can often introduce new security challenges. Adaptive Shield's SaaS Security Posture Management solution (SSPM) features proactive, deep, continuous and automated monitoring and management of all business critical SaaS applications. By integrating with all SaaS apps within minutes, Adaptive Shield enables security teams to gain complete control over their SaaS apps, allowing them to harden their security policies and reduce risks.
```

> With the Adaptive Shield integration, you can track and monitor SaaS posture alerts, such as configuration drifts, integration failures and security checks degradations, all within the events stream in Datadog.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With the Adaptive Shield integration, you can track and monitor SaaS posture alerts, such as configuration drifts, integration failures, and security check degradations from within the Datadog Events Explorer.
```

> With the Adaptive Shield integration, you can track and monitor SaaS posture alerts, such as configuration drifts, integration failures, and security check degradations, from within the Datadog Events Explorer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the Adaptive Shield integration, you can track and monitor SaaS posture alerts, such as configuration drifts, integration failures, and security check degradations, as Datadog Events.
```

## Setup

> 1. On the integration tile in Datadog, click on **"Connect Accounts"**, or go to [Adaptive Shield][1]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click **"Connect Accounts"** to begin authorization of this integration, then navigate to to [Adaptive Shield][1]
```

> 1. On the integration tile in Datadog, click on **"Connect Accounts"**, or go to [Adaptive Shield][1]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. On the integration tile in Datadog, click on **Connect Accounts**, or go to [Adaptive Shield][1].
```

> 1. Click **Connect Accounts**, to begin authorization of this integration, then navigate to [Adaptive Shield][1].

Reviewer: Clicking Connect Accounts will bring the user directly to Adaptive Shield (as long as the `onboarding_url` leads to there). 
```suggestion
1. Click **Connect Accounts** to begin authorization of this integration. You will then be redirected to [Adaptive Shield][1].
```

> 2. Click on **"Settings"**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Click on **Settings**.
```

> 3. Go to **Alerts** -> **"Add New Alerts Channel"** -> Select **"Datadog"**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Go to **Alerts** -> **Add New Alerts Channel** -> Select **Datadog**.
```

> 3. Go to **Alerts** -> **"Add New Alerts Channel"** -> Select **Datadog**.

Reviewer 3: Can you please elaborate on these comments? I'm not sure what you mean by datadog selected and what should be included in this file regarding the site query

> 3. Go to **Alerts** -> **"Add New Alerts Channel"** -> Select **Datadog**.

Reviewer 4: In the README in steps 2-3, the user is instructed to manually navigate to `Alerts` and then select Datadog. I'm suggesting that the user should instead be taken directly to the Datadog integration page in Adaptive Shield (i.e. the page that shows up after you click `Add New alert` > `Datadog`).

Additionally, there is a `site` query parameter that is included with the `onboarding_url` when the user clicks "Connect Accounts", which indicates the user's datacenter (e.g. `https://app.datadoghq.eu`). This value should be used as the domain for the authorization request that you make from your onboarding page. Adding this parameter to the authorization request will ensure that the user is able to authorize from their correct Datadog region/site.

> 3. Go to **Alerts** -> **"Add New Alerts Channel"** -> Select **Datadog**.

Reviewer 3: I changed the `onboarding_url` field in the client and the README.md file accordingly. Regarding the `site` query parameter, the team is working on implementing it.

> 3. Go to **Alerts** -> **"Add New Alerts Channel"** -> Select **Datadog**.

Reviewer 4: Ok, thanks! Let me know if you have any other questions.

> 3. Go to **Alerts** -> **"Add New Alerts Channel"** -> Select **Datadog**.

Reviewer 4: I just set up a test account with Adaptive Shield to verify the onboarding url, and I think it would be better to use `https://dashboard.adaptive-shield.com/settings/alerts/add/63230b73c9624b93dadf38d4` as the `onboarding_url`, since that   route is specifically for setting up the datadog integration. Does that sound reasonable on your end?

> 3. Go to **Alerts** -> **"Add New Alerts Channel"** -> Select **Datadog**.

Reviewer 3: The `onboarding_url` is updated to the mentioned url

> 4. Provide alias name

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. Provide the alias name.
```

> 5. Click **OAuth** to authorize.

Reviewer 3: "OAuth" is the microcopy that is used across the system, so can't really change it

> 5. Complete the process by using OAuth

Reviewer: this step is unclear. What does the user click/where do they go to complete the process with OAuth within Adaptive Shield?

Does the user still have to set up steps 3-5 after authorizing?

Reviewer 3: Hi, after filling the alias name, the user should click on "OAuth" in Adaptive Shield to complete the OAuth process

> 5. Click on **OAuth** to complete the process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Click **OAuth** to complete the process.
```

## Overview

> SaaS Apps like Office 365, Slack, Zoom, and Salesforce are vital to a business's day-to-day operations, but can often introduce new security challenges. Adaptive Shield's SaaS Security Posture Management solution (SSPM) features proactive, deep, continuous and automated monitoring and management of all business critical SaaS applications. By integrating with all SaaS apps within minutes, Adaptive Shield enables security teams to gain complete control over their SaaS apps, allowing them to harden their security policies and reduce risks.

Reviewer 2: Thanks for clarifying that. Our [style guide](https://github.com/DataDog/documentation/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#style-and-tone) requests that marketing-focused language not be used in Datadog documentation.

> SaaS Apps like Office 365, Slack, Zoom, and Salesforce are vital to a business's day-to-day operations, but can often introduce new security challenges. Adaptive Shield's SaaS Security Posture Management solution (SSPM) features proactive, deep, continuous and automated monitoring and management of all business critical SaaS applications. By integrating with all SaaS apps within minutes, Adaptive Shield enables security teams to gain complete control over their SaaS apps, allowing them to harden their security policies and reduce risks.

Reviewer 5: @adaptiveshield Wanted to follow up on this - Can you make the changes our team suggested? Thanks!
